I finally found out
Mr. Lu was injured and discharged from hospital not long ago.
You have also just been promoted to one of his personal photographers.
Be sure to perform well today.
I really want to make a good impression on Mr. Lu. Don't worry,
uncle. Look at the design of this page to the waste collector soup.
Just this sincerity this morning.
Mr. Lu will not be able to feel it. That's good.
If you are lucky, you will be valued by Mr. Lu.
From now on, you will be captured by Mr. Huang.
When I entered Mr. Lu, that was all.
Want to publicize
Why are you still here?
Who is that old man? That is
They all said there is no need to send it.
Now we need to find where it is
Is it my responsibility?
He came out to see you, yes
After all, I help him browse the Internet for my son
There must be a car to pick up the heavy load.
Otherwise I wouldn’t be able to guess it.
Then you go ahead and I'm leaving.
Hurry up and go to smoke and eat on the way, come here
Still so arrogant
It turns out that I hooked up with a rich old man.
The company waiting for me to post my politics
He is obviously very interested in fame and fortune.